# GreenBuck-ICO
Green Buck Coin Funds Clean Energy Project

Green Buck, PBC, a public benefit company incorporated in the State of Delaware has created a limited supply of GreenBuck Coin during our Initial Coin Offering (ICO)– only 10,000,000 coins will ever be created.  

Money raised during the crowdfunding period will go directly toward real projects where clean energy equipment is installed on site (corporate, institutional or community).  These real assets and the potential profits based on operating agreements, lease agreements and power purchase agreement for the clean energy generated by the equipment will be used as follows:
   •	45% of profits will be used to buy back and destroy GreenBuck Coins, potentially making the remaining coins more valuable.
   •	5% of profits will be placed in a bonus pool that will continue to grow for 20 year, at which time, all remaining GreenBuck Coins will be purchased back and destroyed.
   •	50% of profits will be used for new clean energy projects which will generate more profits.

GreenBuck Coins are user issued assets setup on the Bitshares network.  Through an initial coin offering (ICO) at a set price of $10 USD per coin.   US investor can use USD or Bitcoins to participate in the ICO.  Non-US investors must use an equivalent amount of Bitcoin to participate.   GreenBuck Coins can be freely traded on the Bitshares network, which is a decentralized exchange.  Value is created from the profits generated from the Clean Energy Projects implemented with the funding raised from the ICO.  

WHY GREENBUCK COIN?

We have a simple value proposition.  We are creating value for corporate, institutional and community customers by offering clean energy technology and equipment.  We pay for the equipment & materials, our development partners install and maintain it and the corporate, institutional or community customers get the benefits from using the clean energy technology by agreeing to purchase the energy generated on their sites.  Their power purchase agreement or payments on lease agreements returns the money we spent on their project and provides a profit that we can use buy back and burn GreenBuck Coins thereby returning profits to ICO / Crowdfunding participants. 

A transparent business model and a legitimate Public Benefit Company, Incorporated in the State of Delaware – we want to return a profit to our ICO participants but we also want to provide a public benefit.  All commitments made in our white paper have been written into our articles of incorporation.

For environmentally conscientious investors – Be the Change You Want to See.  Do Well by doing good.   One of the main benefits with clean energy technology is the reduction of greenhouse gases and pollutants associated with fossil fuel technology that our clean energy technology replaces.  Stop talking about climate change and do something about it. 

Not into the whole environmental thing…that’s ok.  Try Green Bucking the System – by crowdsourcing and using a cryptocurrency to do so, we are taking the power out of the hands of the large financial institutions and putting into the hands of the ICO participants.  

Our cryptocurrency project and ICO allows for US investors as we are fully compliant with SEC rules regarding securities. Please read our Offering Circular <link>.  There a some limited investor requirements for participation which are explained on our StartEngine page <link>.
